TITLE: Immortal: Gates Of Pyre - Kickstarter
TYPE: portfolio
====================

Kickstarting The Evolution Of RTS
The SunSpear Games team were looking to achieve a couple of goals with the Kickstarter

 	Build additional funding for development
 	Build a community of engaged users
 	Generate press around Immortal: Gates Of Pyre

This process overall took months from strategy to implementation.

The first step of the process was user aquisition and keeping users engaged in a Discord, ready to go for when the Kickstarter launched.

This was followed by building an influencer roster that would support the build up and launch of the campaign.

Next, connecting with the Kickstarter team and making sure to understand the rules and guidelines to becoming a "Project Kickstarter Loves" and being successful.

Then came the execution of the marketing strategy to build up attention around IMMORTAL. This included videos for social media and Youtube.

Simultaneously, we built brand new branding around the Kickstarter.

Next were all the details around it, focusing on cutting a trailer - organization of items, rewards, etc.I managed the Kickstarter project from all the angles - keeping marketing, design, developers, partnerships, and video teams on track.

I was very closely tied to

 	Branding
 	Project Management
 	Video Production
 	Community Marketing
 	Kickstarter management and partnerships

What you will see below are assets created for the successful Immortal: Gates Of Pyre Kickstarter.

See the Kickstarter for yourself
Scope

 	Project Management
 	Social Media Strategy
 	Merchandise
 	Marketing Strategy
 	Influencer Marketing Strategy
 	Design Consulting
 	Video Development Consulting
 	Website Consulting

Add-OnsBanners
Project Outcome

Raised 5X The Goal
IMMORTAL: Gates of Pyre reached it's funding goal within hours of launching, but also 5X that goal by the end of the campaign.

It was a tremendous success and achieved every goal set out by the community.
Kickstarter Project They Love
To everyone's delight, Kickstarter featured IMMORTAL: Gates Of Pyre as a Project They Love.